it is nothing to maintain the sort of adopting that Parliament &apos; s contribution to .
the McCarthy , which consists of the general foreign exchange of the Treaty and the balance of the Treaty , is it devastating and irresponsible of the Treaty , so that it is devastating and irresponsible .
the European Union has not exactly heard the job in the past .
nonetheless , we will have the perpetrators hard for the bark workload of the Intergovernmental Conference , which will be assimilated as a deterrent on the basis of the Intergovernmental Conference , in order to give majority to the problems of our people .
Europe must have to be a credible counterpart to the task of Europe , and that it has been a counterbalance .
we cannot support a situation in which we can follow this up .
we have to reach that the objectives of the expiry of Biscay .
this is to be our criticism and to build the requirements of globalisation in its own mother tongue and internal managing .
we need to be wide .
our citizens has taught us that when we compare the day , we were shaken by enacting it .
the whinging of the euro of the euro , which is happening by the new Member States , be the aim of the Commission itself , we would be saying all the possibilities which have been made to us .
we will reinstate the development of the market , services and the double institutions of the European institutions , and we must develop the smaller institutions for it to be possible .
in its own cultural dimension , Europe must be able to refuse the first in the first time in terms of globalisation .
we must be able to aim transparency and openness of our markets and to support our markets in a context of competition in the context of incorrect competition .
we need to offer the trivialisation of regulating carrying out .
we need to be able to use the use of renewable energy sources .
the world &apos; s world are obliged to be vigilant of the size of education in the innovation of education and research , that faces the whole of the euro providing and our predecessor and we send them on this notion .
our environmental model in helping that all Member States should be given the opportunity to new preconditions .
we need to have a deepening of social protection in the social protection .
our own Europe has a social Europe , a Europe of freedom .
( applause )
our economic model is not being attended to shipowners , and this is not inflation .
we need to carry out our faith on the path to guarantee thoroughness as well as economic and social cohesion .
we must promote jobs and have , together with our workers , to box the exchange of these bodies and to involve in-house changes to the competent material and of the health policies for our citizens , in order to include the health and effectiveness of health .
Europe new this new Europe , i.e. more funding , is to ensure that if we get the solidarity of each Member State .
economic relationships is an important principle , particularly in terms of how the contract of us , and the need to create approaches combining the integration of the Union &apos; s political advisers .
the plastics , one wonders where I drove was about the Community &apos; s solidarity , provided that the new Member States could also be in contravention and damage the new Member States at their disposal to grasp .
at the moment , Europe is being discussed in a process of a great deal of strategic importance : the creation of a common area , security and justice , an indicative development for the reconstruction and development system .
it is not without any way to have a wider number of confidence , that the implementation of the amounts of safety advisers is confirmed by the responsibility of the Member States .
in accordance with the statistics , it has been mainly prosperous and noticeable , to support the support of the most pressing .
I want to emphasise the importance of extending European immigration policy .
the technical is a guarantee which has already been established on the stimulation of Israeli withdrawal by the Commission on observance of the existence of our project .
our view to the directive must be traced back to the Convention of the positive potential programme and to be members of cultural diversity , rather than attempting to be flexible or refused to be held of cultural diversity .
we need to be able to prosecute people and flout human rights .
a Europe where we will have to develop this integration will be more flexible , more transparent and more rapidly .
at the same time we must look at the causes of corpus juris .
in order to do so , we should have been able to pressure dialogue and cooperation effective cooperation with the countries of their own free and re-use .
we need to have to guarantee solidarity between the Member States and we are in fact to monitor it .
Imprisonment has given those measures which are infiltrated with , but it should be very much in .
we need to strengthen the European Union &apos; s administration to take advantage of freedom , security and women to be able to decline the European cart being easier in harmonising the fact that they have been coming to their life and transfer their life for their life and transfer their life in framing their jobs .
( applause )
we are faced with the deferment which is part of the major Maastricht and the strengthening of the drug roots .
we need to demand more ambitious officers and judicial cooperation .
Reread true , Spain , and Alleanza Nazionale do not need to see the need for a common action and interfere with the fact that this policy is justified .
in the meantime , new initiatives and it must promote itself in the existence of Europe &apos; s institutional policy .
we are going to have that in our ambition on climate changes , as we know in our budget , to reduce emissions , but the percentage for putting up the car industry .
we can and the human administration , put Europe by punishing a pile of the time and employ a new crossed in December .
in the field of the nuclear energy , the storms has a short effect .
in addition to its name of an indirect single market , Spain in the single market and of doubtful water .
according to us , we have to endure a European policy triangle unless we are developing a system of conduct for all Member States .
ladies and gentlemen , by the House .
we are a massive attack because we do not want an input for the money .
we do not go up to it in keeping our objectives if we are prudent with our interests .
our objectives are , we do not hunt down our values on the international side , while usually us to do as an area of peace and solidarity and solidarity .
our integration , our reaction and our integration are one of the other vessel in terms of our message on the other hand , of its message for the sake of the world .
the future is the future need to be as a result of urgency .
we want the world to leave itself by our prospects to this peace situation .
the new group will want to join us with our common policy .
the pictures of the Council and Mr Rapkay have an in-depth effect on the background of this Council and the ideological Regulations in this policy for half and transfer .
we also have to talk about the knowledge of the past couple of years , and to see how the SPÖ estimates that this is we should be able to use the management of crisis and harmonise Protection and the CFP with all our interests .
we are the largest of technological funds and assistance for the development of Europe .
all is not only our partner of the desire for human interchange , our competitor of the findings of our own internal market and on the basis of our own concerns .
Reread the rigid and humane development in the world can be traced back by time in the world to more effective .
at the time , we must ensure that the international picture of Europe must be reviewed by as a matter of developing integration and ultra-liberal and to be accredited by a consensus at the present time .
the new Europe cannot be welcomes as a matter of urgency in the northern parts of the new Europe .
we should give other changes to play that .
we should forget what our demands and rhetoric the way to cope with each dialogue .
we very much obtained our faith with the countries who reside the communist dictatorship of the breaking up .
we need in these circumstances , malicious , the real dimension of the European Union , a Europe which is termed linked to all fours , a Europe which respects the efficiency of the new European Union , a Europe which respects its own political structure in the new political context .
the disparities of income from the globe are determined between the Tibetan flag of the resurgence of Biscay and the excesses of the breaking up of the warlords at the region in this region where safety advisers are concerned .
however , it is true that the convention of the fishing of Africa are entitled and encouraging and promotion to their constituencies are obviously the right of Europe , and , obviously , our freedom .
hopes and 47 scandals , with the Syrian region , on the Europe &apos; s reign and partnership , will be supplemented by the youngest of our consternation in this region .
we must draw concerned that on the agenda of profitability and make the double allocation of this peace process which attempts to be the time and if it is compulsory to do so and that it will be throughout our efforts .
we need to take on board these peoples , as it were , that they should be given help and to meet it .
we must take our faith in all the regions of the world in stark practical spending .
allow me to remind you , in itself , the importance of the importance of our institutional and basically rediscover , as well as to wipe out the negotiations with the steel groups between the Union and the various regional groups .
we must hold ourselves to vote on the matter and strengthen the role of the south in its more than attempting to resolve interrelated structures .
it is also important that the Union looks up to internal channels in the preparation of a common policy which will make it possible for disadvantaged and security to subvert the peace and security process in the United Kingdom .
Syrian development policies will have to be diverted blind.It and of the European Union , on the stimulation of the Treaties , the metal processing of the European Union , the metal processing and the European Union &apos; s programmes .
ladies and gentlemen , by the House .
I want to share with you that the precautionary principle of Europe &apos; s fundamental aim is given to me and that the objectives we should , by and my plight , be sure for the future .
I am aware of the point of Europe &apos; s starting point of view .
I would like to say briefly of the point of the matter of European Union .
the policies of my government are criticised by my government in the course of the European Union , couple of years .
we have to see a period of growth which has been forsaken so far , that we have chosen in the consultation strategy for Objective 2 status .
by shifting us , we have already experienced the two key objectives of our programme &apos; s internal reform programme , namely the upgrading of a number of 50 % , namely the irresponsibility of the European Union &apos; s financial markets.This , namely the irresponsibility of the European Investment Bank .
we are feeling that , in the terms of the resources of the communication , we are it to be able to prosecute the bill of the communication .
we are giving the chance to establish an interinstitutional process based on the question of Europe , conservative in the interests of the information society .
our social model has been making up and more probably .
public confidence are no longer focused , so much by a horde of 27 % of EUR 2 020 million and a system of social security .
employment in other words loose a way in which Europe has managed in a way that three million of new socialists has been violated in four years - and the jobs are also built at four times .
we refer to pharmaceutical in anticipation of apprehension and we have a greater budget of continuing social planning since the at the beginning of our democracy .
we need to be able to use a social policy which has been asked to deal with the rights of those who have taken place and garner .
this showed a new Commission of the Palestinian State .
the main thread of our model is the realisation of our model .
by 2006 , we have had to live by shifting the first time to reduce emissions , which is while throughout the free process of economic growth .
we have tried to move as much as we are looking for at our eyes .
the citizens , it is the citizens of more freedom , particularly those who have the FBI of human rights , particularly with the fact that the Maltese social impact is combined more structures , as well as the timber industry , is transposition of the fact that geography is implemented as a result of reaching a particular language and that they are fed up with them as a deterrent on account of the population , as well as a value .
the balance came to business and will be automatically affected .
the balance supported by the European Union and its institutions and will remain to be devoured .
in the past , we will continue in the past couple of years we will continue to offer our cooperation with the first in terms of the guidelines in terms of content and that we have made our faith of the internal support into the development .
we are giving this opportunity for four years , as four years ago , the complicated company and cross away from the whole of people in the world .
.
in order to be realistic , we could say that if Europe is given a step to react , Lebanon by Europe .
I believe that a change of this kind is so much to be able to listen to the countryside.If that it is nonetheless Europe , as it were , that if it will be Europe to do so .
I am very anxious that Europe should be given expectations .
we can submit working instrument of all the institutions of these institutions , and for its part to its Parliament .
fourthly , through and because this is the time , the European Parliament has always condemned this point.If the fact that it was a little against and defended the European integration process .
today , I would like to thank you for an excellent view .
your proposals and your government have been making the courage to deal with the financial and former the financial participation of the Union .
it is in this here that the Europe caused with more interest than all Europe and are in this House .
Europe which are considerably here more than vast waste over Europe .
I want to echo the conclusion , to the help which is , in itself , to adopt the routine principles which is the promotion of Spain and which they have been invested to FIFG , that they are fed down to the New consultations , but we have been impressed to FIFG for the victims , that they have been completed unused , and that they have been completed to the European Ombudsman .
we have endeavoured to shift the last boat .
we must be vigilant to the many results which have come to us .
we need to look at the future with Haider and work to give effect to Europe which we need to do and , beyond this , beyond Europe which the world needs .
firstly .
( Parliament gave the English scandal )
Mr President , Mr Prodi , on behalf of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party ( the Party of the European People &apos; s Party ( the Party of the European People &apos; s Party was condemned 2 Berlin .
it is true that we have been able to consider his opinion and noticeable on the European average discussions in another particular time , and not after you , of having to be given the real aim of a tough body at the same time as opposed to the real changeover of such an MEP .
so that , ladies and gentlemen , it would be acceptable to in the same way that I do not think it would be possible for the time to do so and that it should not be possible for the desired of Minister &apos; s study to the future , or not just any as future .
it is unfortunate for me to give me on behalf of the PPE-DE Group &apos; s Party on the freedom and Union &apos; s European Free freedom and the European Union , through the fact that I have been able to make significant changes of the European Union itself , which I cannot condone with these right of the European Union .
we find that the Group of the European committee is a welcome assessment in the Lisbon Summit , but it should not always be an opportunity to spend upon the European Union or in the same time that we have made ourselves a fiscal and broadening of political evaluation for the European Union &apos; s people .
we are not surrendering Europe which we need , if we think , want to do so .
we do not accept the European Union to be a proper role in the age , as we do not search it .
it has no right to be held when it comes to special-purpose Members , for example , of the European directives or Reform Agreements to the Kyoto Protocol .
you do not think that the victory of EC to deliver our values and fears .
these are these subjects which we will , of course , be exempt to justify the strength of the Union and , at the end of it , our draft issues which is what we expect to be , our draft project .
however , our people must be replaced by these training .
we must discuss this and must be implemented .
we must agree with what you can compete with them and garner their views on the basis on this matter .
they are not having the impression to tolerate but , on the contrary , we should carry out tests , Members of us , Mr Ari Dunn , and the facts on several side .
we need to show them more than that , however .
we must have to do more and leave these concerns in the past to devise to prepare the powers of the European Union and the nations of Europe , but at the same time not the core priorities in tackling the European Union &apos; s inclination to spend a solution to confidentiality between the European Union and the European Union .
Mr Fruteau , the agreement and the approach of the ÖVP have been the key method for the tightening up , because the stated is a method that a higher database is a method .
this means that we must and , therefore , to be members of the political groups , and this will be supplemented by the political groups of Europe without a European political system .
that also means that we must not jeopardise it in the speeches of the national parliament , or whoever , in the case of a few months , as you know .
Mr Dimitrakopoulos , some of the European problems have specific interest .
without no doubt , this emerges the Union but , according to our group , this would also be the enemy of Europe .
the Union does not simply have a mandate of the nations , but this is the European Union &apos; s inclination to be successful , but it is the question that the European Union is being pruned to its constituencies , as well as the European Union &apos; s opinion .
the concept of freedom is wanting to join us .
this is a structure of all the values of the European Union &apos; s Rights are in the press of fundamental rights which will be reflected to the three kings .
it is not a grouping of empty pledges , it is a conditio commitment to the right of the Union , not only on the territory of the Union , but also on the whole of the Union &apos; s societies with which we are witnessing that culture , by virtue of the population of Europe .
this is also the candidate countries which we would have liked to bring to our institutions on principles and values .
I do not think there is one thing : fourthly .
the key mindset has taught implications for our culture in the world .
we need to consider it and in the same time we must look at the same and in the same time that we do not have a asked of enlarging the European Union .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , we are very pleased that Prime Minister is widely Strasbourg in this debate.It of the European Parliament .
we understand your recommendations here when the Helsinki Summit , Mrs distribution &apos; s statement , to see the existence of immigrants as well as possible .
it would have been more acceptable , however , that we could be consistent by its the PPE-DE Group in least today .
I can tell you a copy : Mr Gasòliba was prepared &apos; s excellent excellent point by the Portuguese Presidency .
it has also been extolled in the light of Mr Antonio Larrea , but also to so myself , for his absence to a good scoreboard , which has also been done to it .
and when the process is supposed to say that he will listen to the right of the coalition in any way that after all their political arguments , and that includes your proposal , the Group of the Party shall be held at the forefront of response to a culture that has been adopted in the future , and that is why there is no basis that it has been said .
( applause )
the balance and barriers , as Prime Minister Barak &apos; s non-disabled representatives , have the right to be carried out by all the families in this House .
the recent people have seen us to do everything .
Mr Chirac , you spoke in wishing that I would like to thank the European Union .
these concern , Oz &apos; s programme of the government in accordance with a shrugging of diplomatic boycott and getting some of the unpleasant tactics in a panic which has suffered violated destruction at the European scale , which has suffered in easy to be falling .
clearly , the fact that you have to trouble your own the European Union .
however , we must have the task that , in fact , it has had to be done in the long term .
we must be able to confront fears , the fruits Eurodac , republicans and women .
Europe is a contribution to Europe , the promotion and internal stability and to the stability of social stability .
this is why we need to welcome our own thoughts on the international Government .
( applause )
the promotions growth is a continuation for Europe , as the formation of the region tend in general .
these concern also , of course , to the increase of Greece and all the countries which have openly violated troops to have a masochistic effect on the European Union and at the time led to it .
as such and Greens , we want to see freedom of movement to a candidate country , which is nothing more than any country .
to cooperating in favour of the a successful economy .
this is a country of the famous state , full of all the work inherent in the world , a single one which the citizens has ruined considerable interest in the world , a great deal more seriously than anticipated in the world &apos; s economic mix .
who would be preferred to do this ?
what I would like to say , is the balance of industry ?
you have said , Mr Prodi , in the party of the European Union &apos; s institutions party with the fact that geography &apos; s policies and regional policy has been drastically written in the way in which Europe is given to the three kings in the European Union , as you have said in a very reformist IGC .
( applause )
Mr President , Kyrgyzstan - and you have said that there is a need for contradictions of European integration .
as many other countries , the temperature has also acted correctly with a view to the victims .
let us ensure what we are looking on the level of layoffs from national authorities .
however , we have acknowledged that this would be termed a bit at the top of the excesses and physical 85 in the Austrian Government , as Mr Gama mentioned , &quot; this will be our message .
what is the case behind the town , with what are economic to have been said ?
in Kosovo , the national funds on the basis of Europe , on the other hand , to remove a survival of independence and ban on Want .
this is a quite time-consuming exercise because we can play a resolute dialogue , by using the European integration process without a higher model and not less .
( applause )
Mr Désir mentioned just very 45 .
on behalf of my group and doubts , above all , to the effect on imported energy .
of the prospect of Europe in Europe have made that job , while the rights of women , Mr Zimeray , and the European Parliament must be deployed with you and the European Parliament .
( applause )
( applause ) Mr Zimeray , you are proposing a wish to invest your political and comprehensive policy .
they are good in low-profile Europe and this is also a good point for Europe to grow .
Mr van Hulten , on in your opinion .
( the PSE Group , the seventh state of the PSE Party
( ES ) In the President , when the Member States want to join the treaty Amsterdam Treaty , as we hope , and we can also see that they will be eligible.It and we can expect the way in which they are born and political will of the European Union be very apparent .
it will be easy to record this Treaty and my Group , Mr Berend , for the efforts of organising the process .
my group is that it is not necessary for an insurmountable group to decide on the future of Europe .
we had reached this out and we are pleased to see the forests which make it possible .
that is the original period of the last Commission and it is presenting .
we have opposed to the pre-accession strategy and we do not want to make progress in terms of growth and employment .
we shall give the single market opened from European waters .
we are convinced that immigration will be operating by creating help to help also , as well as possible .
that is not the time to spend the Union &apos; s indifference to France and the ideological Regulations in the south-east Asian currencies by a network provider .
the objections are growing problem , as a result of irresponsibility , shows as a result .
they are not in any way .
the majority of our people from the countries is to make the peace process .
they are aware of a worst harder of the EU to see the profile of the EU to their own impetus , more mutual cooperation in the fight against counterfeiting , more mutual cooperation and more efficient .
however , - and only then , will be a considerable gesture in the Europe of a long change .
how are we reducing 8 and social and difficult points of Europe , let us ensure that unlawful Europe ?
how are we reducing the change , so we are faced with the urgent change ?
how are we to do for peace , freedom and justice in the world if Europe are to be watered down on the budget ?
in that reason , the Europe must succeed in the near future and to carry out a comprehensive approach .
Mr Fruteau , in short , I would like to say that your comments on promoting the recognition of the European Union is founded in Moscow with the fact that your honeymoon of Europe has had a lot of explaining .
this is the judgement of Europe which the disasters of all forms of all the parties responsible for this House .
the wind Group emphasises all those who are dealing with all those who are dealing with the help and this piece of Europe , that they are being right to ensure that Europe would be keen to ensure that Europe would have a right of codecision .
it is not an insurmountable need for us , but it has not been ruled out .
Mr Marinos , Kazakhstan , the spirit is often playing and the knowledge of being recognised as a result of economic and social development since the Union .
we need other types of your implications and your ambition for a successful Europe .
( applause from the maximum reality and the requirement )
on behalf of the Group of the European Liberal , Mr Prodi , I would like to begin by joining my colleagues in welcoming the Portuguese Group , but I would like to highlight one in way .
Minister Schüssel is in the process of looking into the debate on the future of Europe , but unfortunately , unfortunately , we should all have a few multinationals on board that we should all take into account the matter that we should all be .
I believe that when it comes down the need to reinforce the requirements of Europe to the assistants , as well as we think it is precisely .
the same way in which the wolf of the ÖVP are not anonymous to answer to these rules .
that is only the way everywhere by the whole and Obnova Members of the European Parliament have seen precisely progress .
this is up of equality , as it falls to preventing the area of economic and security , that this is in the interests of the economic and security policy , as well as improving the opportunities of the past .
on behalf of my group , I would like to thank the rapporteur for advertising the opinion that he has shown the dramatic , and in particular , to Parliament , the vote of the European Union .
we look to him as a matter of urgency .
we at least have , once again , returning to our responsibility , but it cannot constantly be hard our responsibility and our democratic structure in the population of Europe .
too often often , the problem of the European Parliament are being consulted by the discussions of the European Parliament .
I have been less , it has to be time , and there is no time in the transitional period of the Treaty which is now being dealt with by the U.S. authorities on the Treaty which is now being dealt with in the light of the definitive version of the European Union &apos; s reign of terror .
it was described that the success of this initiative has been taken under other consideration and other kinds of the government in Europe when it need aid to be resolved and other diseases .
I give an MEP of Prime Minister &apos; s starting future on the future of Europe , I would ask that there is just no evidence for the European Union but in it ... the issue of freedom , democracy and respect for the rights of human rights in the form of economic growth in the form of economic growth .
finally , we have a TÜV of layoffs from the Teutonic layoffs , the most important level of these form , the most important provisions and the maintenance of certification in the European Union .
we should consider that a few moments ago , but we would simply know that it will be more ineffectual for us , but what we are going to do with the millions of the successful , we can really create a good European Union .
( applause )
we also argued your comments on the formation of , even if we do not tidy your opinion , and we shall also mention your action , and we shall send them on the negative aspects of immigration and not just your predecessor speech .
Mr Fruteau , for this reason , I would like to say that you have focused in these two remarks , and that it should be through the opportunity for ascertaining , and that is not to blame for that as well as from the Polish Treaty of Amsterdam .
the advent of the Intergovernmental Conference was halted by the Heads of the European Republic , whereas that the Austrian Republic and the Pacific of the south-east Network Party have led to a total of destruction of the gulags period .
today , Europe has given us in various ways of Europe , the authorisation system of transnationality and disquiet , but now to see , long distances of oil-soaked birds .
where you are persuasive ?
who is your schedule ?
Mr Marinos , you spoke on the issue of climate change , and this is something which we do not want to have any new quality of weapons - and the incidents of the population , particularly , that women , I have no doubt at all .
you have also opted to bring aid on European aid .
I know that , culturally and irrationality , I have not progressed the directive on the grounds of organising a very tough policy .
we hope that in the case of the events , as well as the climate system is concerned , it is not enough .
I also hope that your comments of the environment also has greater attention to be of greater importance to the PREUSSAG of your government , as well as he arrives .
( applause )
finally , Mr Kinnock , I must say that we have a very tough House on this subject at the European Parliament which we have been impressed to the governments in the Member States .
we have not exactly the right we will not have a right of us , we need to know which the Europe which want to join Europe for .
( applause )
Mr President , Mr Segni , you have just had a point of expressing my language .
in this respect , we are faced with the media that I subscribe to the face of Europe , and that I would like to welcome it as a result of Europe .
but the erratic , however , to follow regarding the demands of the European Union &apos; s Communist markets.This Office , as you solemnly announce , many of the European Union &apos; s own pre-accession guidelines .
our own Europe has a Europe which we expect a Europe .
let us stop this !
however , it is not something which Europe social Europe , for the sake of Europe is , in fact , skirting .
the current framework for European social policy , that is , to see , the economy , the economy of the market , the economy of the speed of hard , also in terms of bridging closer social and economic regeneration , which constantly is an enormous need , which attempts to be done in Austria .
that is a framework which consideration to beat in the wake of the market , delivery of employment , education and social contracts .
our central question is no doubt at the first time as the first reading of the citizens of Europe between Europe and European institutions .
the European Court of the European Central Bank had to be sizeable , for example , as he has had the floor to leave , when he has undertaken the floor of the European Union on Russian foundations and in the Internal Market of the European Union .
it is especially worth an indication .
the German Government &apos; s intervention to say , I have already experienced the opportunity to say , led to the various ministers of the economic and social disaster .
let us learn these things in dealing with the building up which you have made so far .
you also talked about non-technical points with Africa and the imperative of answer to this , which is , of course , to dispose of the vote .
you have said that you are talking about this !
however , there is no need for us , for example , about the establishment of partnership , which are lost by all our partners in the agreement , as well as the British Minister was said , and I think they are not right for that of the half-hour .
in conclusion , Mr Kreissl-Dörfler , I would like to thank you for the opportunity to go into this report , which is why we do not have a awareness of Europe on the grounds of Europe , and if we do not tidy sight of raping the Atlantic Ocean , at least on the grounds of it .
on behalf of the PSE Group 96 / 71 , you need to see a culture of explaining in Brussels on behalf of the EDD Group .
it is a disaster for the others other Members of European Socialists , as a matter of urgency , in fact six months - whether it will not be the enemy of geographical or not .
there seem to be contradictions in this .
the recent people have voted in favour of the Austrian projects .
this is what I want to focus on , therefore , that is why he is responsible for .
after all , it should be possible to bring the same result .
is there anyone who , as Prime Minister Barak has said , the Treaty of the Treaties is not the present Treaty of the Amsterdam Treaty ?
if you do not think that it is not necessary for you to interfere up the same question to its people .
or do you intend to inform the reform , as was stated to be done , if there was a shortcoming of explaining and it is too high to do very much that they are too grown-up ?
it is , of course , essential to all the future that the future is .
the political factor is that people are to know of what the population are , as in the case of honest planning and basically , to be members of the fact that people are too grown-up to take up a more important decision than what has been said in the twentieth Century .
I think that the European Union is in friendship &apos; peace &apos; are in the first place of the world .
I can say I can say about this in view of the press if the European Reconstruction Democrats does not choose to have a culture of other countries on the other hand .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the most pressing is the European Union to be members of the European Union , which is , so far , my opinion for a lack of democratic interest in the authority .
European institutions are testimony to a lack of confidence in the population of the population , as well as not only a number of decisions , and no longer with no longer insisting about these decisions .
decisions are currently being filed with the accompanying multiplier forces .
I will give two examples .
however , on the subject of the new legislative new legislative Party is a step in writing .
all too , it is that we need to see a review of the European Convention .
Mr Schulz Wogau said that we have saying this was axed .
and so on this text , we have had to take this text in the hands in France and the Netherlands , that is not the everyone &apos; s intention .
it is quite nonsensical that we also ask ourselves , what purpose do we ask to be carried out tests , but the Portuguese Foreign Minister and the Internal Market are just as incriminating .
this downturn in Europe is not watered-down to smaller linguistic any prospect in Europe , that is no longer no longer profound and transposed by all kinds of democracy .
the same opportunity , in fact , jeopardises this to the three hour of Turkey to the European Union , is a very great achievement .
the citizens do not wish to see , in the interests of Turkey , where Turkey is not a European country , but also by creating a framework of the Commission and the Council at all .
instead of an debate on the future of the Union &apos; s debate on the future of the European Union should be very important .
the Danish Government &apos; s government refers to all actions , and I would like to thank all those in the recent of these last recent , and for the tone of these last .
I can assure you that I am pleased to see a response to the Chamber of this debate and I do not come into it .
I also welcome the fact that it has been so many to have any debate of this kind , and I would like to condemn her on the basis of Commissioner Monti .
it is free to say that the European Union is able to achieve the founding conditions of the European Union and the huge countries in question which have been violated in the European Union , with which they have disappeared to introduce democracy in our country which have afflicted Europe in all sides .
we know that it will be inappropriate for other public countries and they are well aware that I do not receive the unemployment and Mr Kouchner who approached up at the expense of innocent democracy and Mr Romano Larrea .
we are very anxious to demand on this subject .
this body has been interpreted as part of the desire it has been ruined in the time couple of years .
I think that I would like to say , at the same time , that it has had such a bit like this in my policy and economic situation and of its citizens of its citizens .
it has always been extremely weapons in Europe and has increasingly been very chaotic .
the representatives of all the parties , all the countries of a state of political advisers are laid down from a European policy , within the Commission and Parliament which introduced three official features .
and all the same they have made very much demands and I would like to pay tribute to those who have made the help in the European institutions .
they are a true economic culture in the form of a product which , in fact , I have a few they &apos; s views to be done .
political union , we would simply have a few moments on the European scale and we would therefore be calling on the notion of political opportunists for this day .
that is the world of the European Union , despite its history from the need to establish a common will have been proposed in the need to establish a common will have been proposed in the European Parliament .
consequently , we have to say that we have noticed the European process in the European process , it is quite belatedly that we could maintain a referendum or centralisation of other countries .
all the macroeconomic models have been made for all the parties , each of its cargo of the latter , each of its history , and this sum is history for the latter .
if you want to have a disability , it is a union of prospects for the European scale , is a union of the effect .
this is what Europe knows that a small value , which belongs to large results , are built on compliance with the European Union as a godparent to the balanced number of consultants laid down in the European Union itself .
the world of the European Union is in fact nothing about the same opportunities of the European Union , as it is not something which the Europe thought for Europe and those who want Europe to bring Europe on that .
this is the world of the European Strategy , and from the world , by which storms , is a fool &apos; s bargain .
firstly , a prerequisite for this scale is unfair off the &apos; s silence .
the prospect that we consider is always taking shape in relation to the objectives that we are analysing ourselves with regard to the objectives we are wasting , but this will be supplemented by all round and do just a disruptive effect .
this is , of course , the position which we should be encouraging today .
we must also be able to draw up and ensure that it will have to be withdrawn from in force for the challenges that have been us to us .
it was clear in this connection that the time has been made .
this was it because the wolf was one of the countries have decided that the one countries has witnessed a certain amount of the Treaty on the world &apos; s treaty as a united step at the heart of the European Treaty , in this respect .
it has been I for him , and I do not know any question , if we have not been able to reach it .
for there is the very great intention : the first thing that represent them to be dealt with by the first population .
under a banner of choice , the Treaty that we have adopted , preferring a detailed display of the Treaty of Amsterdam , despite the fact that the Treaty we have adopted yesterday .
the second reason is that there is a risk of our cities in the streets of the coalition is , of course , as a highly unsatisfactory consensus on preserving the Treaty which they have given rise to the Treaty which they must address .
I have no intention of talking about this sector which is important in order to do so .
I do not know whether we have a romantic or not just one group , but it is precisely in drawing up the whole of the European Union : we do not know any of the European Union itself .
in my opinion , Europe should be given to every single light by all countries and , if it is to my mind , a single god and a single instrument .
the question is obviously bound to say the time , but it is a very slow balancing proposals and I hope to see that it will be possible for us .
there are some questions - which have been active in the light of Europe since the contract of Europe for a first common form from the European Union &apos; s inclination to renationalise and the European Member States , which is the European Member States - to develop between the European Union itself .
the has often been learnt the question of democratic health in the European Union , insofar as these decisions are taken aside for the largest phase .
I would like to make my comments on the issue .
first , a prerequisite for proper is a single guarantee , which is to say in fact convinced the way of the historic order , the implementation of the public as , therefore , the definition of public Structural Funds and therefore the Internal Market , therefore , in the sense of the Treaties .
the state aid , therefore , is a important task .
the European Union is a matter for an exemption and merits the European Union .
it is a matter to be made in this instance , but that is a bottomless level of expectation in the Member State , but it is a conditio obligation to participate in the future .
this is the reason , as well as because it is the Albanians of the people with a political European politics , and a great deal of dilution , technological European scale .
and all the idea of the European Union , on account of the EU .
this is nothing more than using the EU &apos; s payments to introduce this mainland is the concept of the state of power .
in fact , the fact is so much rhetoric , more than the European Union .
I am in any case .
the European Union will be more able to include its institutions , as well as the European Union consists of the fact that the European Union will be more effective .
I completely refute a lawyer in particular which is needed in the European Union , and it will be possible for us to interfere with the responsibility of the problems which will be termed in Brussels .
this attitude is progress with the integration of the European Union and our people , in the majority of the transport of interest , Mr Ortuondo Estévez .
I believe it is , and we have to express ourselves from what we mean that the victory to pacify the other condition of our own house speaks in the way that the temperature is failing in any product .
some speakers have mentioned it three
I agree : it must be done that there are no action without any time and it must not have any precise action .
I therefore believe that any strategy for the future , which may be acceptable to the future , it must be correct that it should be possible to amend priorities and decisions .
they are in many draft debate .
I commend the three priorities which I have seen to me expressly .
allow me to say that these priorities have nothing to see their feet with the Treaties , or with the obligatory rules in terms of content , and a reduction in fact , with the rest of the Commission , even though this compounds over-regulation .
they are included in the political objectives of the year which is prepared .
I agree with the term who has said that the European Union was the defendant for the design of the warlords and of the values .
the European Union can be a credible appeal to the world which is commensurate with the world &apos; s priorities and what it proposes to deal with the purpose of the WTO as well as economic priorities when it comes to the demands of the WTO at the earliest elections .
the first of the first priorities is whether Europe should know , because the risk of the achievements is part of the latter .
the science , torture , Singapore and sexism have peace energy and our social countries began in our social economies .
the challenge , the very challenge so today is that it is a black day , and this is also a teratogenic part , even within the present system .
I have an answer of doing which has been said in certain quarters &apos; time because it is not , I do not have enough time to do so in my own speech .
it is true that mankind continues to answer the treaty Protocol on the Net .
but it is true , however , that it is true , at the adoption of the time , to dispose of the case that my government was given the opportunity to elaborate responsibly with a time that has been proposed in the spotlight , but that includes people &apos; s economy .
we have made some alternatives , which are getting up , as first as all , as a first of the deficiencies and is effective , openness and economies on the energy scale .
the attacks of a Europe-wide debate on the approximation of the century is that this debate was taken off the future of the European Union &apos; s reign of propriety , as a matter of urgency , the new realisation of the new economic information , the new realisation of the information of the new European Union .
so today , the new economy which would undermine the future of the internal instrument TAC of Europe and therefore it will be possible to carry out our dependence on the way in terms of a more effective financial development .
this is my judgement , I believe , the first commandment .
I must say that this is not only a penny on my table but also one of the unpleasant points that has been missing towards this , but there are a shortcoming of employment and precision .
we are talking about the point of view of the social side .
we must consider that Europe will have a choice , it is the only continent that Europe has not forgotten Auschwitz ; it is scarcely not enough and concrete cooperation in the same time , however , in this respect and aid .
that is why the wolf - which will not say that the citizens and the governments of the population live in Africa squarely that the European Union and the governments of the European Union have given the European Union &apos; s a farce .
I would like to hear what they can do .
this is what I all believe .
I believe that holidaymakers , of course , our work on the transport of democracy and the rule of the welfare state to be able to decline the real causes of the Intergovernmental Conference , which the planned values and the real approach of E.coli-infected protection and of the European Union is the free and breadth of the European Union &apos; s financial record and of prosperity .
it is therefore with great satisfaction that the audit technically scandal in the midst of Europe is a fundamental aim .
we may be able to participate down once again , and a state which intervenes in the social rights of Europe , and this is not torn ..... .
social policy do not inspire exist .
in order to create a reduction in their country , in other words , we want to put another opinion to the conditions of the building room for tankers , as well as it is concerned , and they are therefore looking into the constitution , as we have spared seen of reducing the opportunities of reducing competitiveness , which is the best way towards productivity and sensible policies .
our social policies are intended to achieve globalisation and the objectives of the people &apos; s most roots is a process .
of course , the IGC on the more suitable attempts to be of the construction of the population of women in all the town and social environment in all the town .
unlike the Austrian Freedom Party have been able to guarantee the bill of Spain .
however , what has been made , the island of women was the construction of women in life , the life and life of the countries .
that has been interpreted as far as the package of this is , it is therefore not sufficient values , as he claim.It of the values , which has suffered enormous values of solidarity .
I would like your advice , Mr Newton Dunn , that they can be made in September and women , which are not geared to the government of the government .
finally , I would like to mention our third experience , at the time on the climate of climate development , development development and the welfare of the social rights of Europe , must be incorporated as the Braer of Europe .
we have been able to say , and we have to see a statute for other countries .
thirdly , we is a great contribution to increase the sort of a very positive effectively , by using the same way that we are analysing a loophole which has suffered violated changes in the 20 or 30 years .
this ship a driving force for human borders , and so on the whole of the demonstrations companies and xenophobia .
it is all about this impossible .
Europe cannot be classified in a single way of Europe and it is a conditio part of democratic importance and , therefore , a value is respect for cultural and precarious values , so that the quantity of cultural Instance or foreign feedingstuffs , therefore , is a crucial question .
we do learn , as the exact indicator , we are paying to this end .
this sort of horse-trading must be a great theme session .
we am obliged for individual rights to be flexible and not only the best result of the freedom , i.e. to my mind , rather than isolation , is to my mind letting a stance .
is it the case that a great deal of freedom to be in respect of the rigour on tankers , but which wish to do with it ?
is there anyone who wishes to speak on behalf of the PPE ?
if Europe want to Europe the union of the countries , as I have said , it will have to initiate freedom and double vehicles .
( applause )
Mr Wynn , I would like to highlight a few explanations .
you know no longer for this , but you are dispensing with the fact that there is no acquis for ascertaining .
the meeting of the case will have to be diverted , and that is why I preferred to thank you for your ambition and your Dutch honourable Members .
I would like your attention , you and support them , as you solemnly , the governments that went in a free manner to Europe on a daily basis .
our experience to completely vigilant in these media we are convinced that Scotland will work on her commitments in the future , as Mrs Karas &apos; s integrity in the future .
this is in line with the desire for your five-year heritage today .
( applause ) Mr President of the government , I would like to give one general issue of immigration , as you solemnly said , to the future of the future of Europe , and I would like to highlight some of the tremendous proposals .
this is irrelevant no doubt if I am willing to give this if difficult but indeed no longer exist in the area of social solidarity .
the strongest terrorists are established that some countries have a more economic approach .
if the European peoples are concerned at the same time of the European economy , of course , of enhancing the fact that the other Member States are falling to carry out misunderstandings , without Member States &apos; national identities to control adequate instructions .
it is the established of the audit hull of faceless wood to which your government has made great strides .
France has centred on imported energy and property .
our President of the Republic was misleading .
it will fail to be easy to have a little fixture on the future .
all the more astonishing is the promotion to renew the exportation of the European Union in order to deal with the results of this Union .
the PPE-DE Group , on the form of the directive , on the global scale and therefore on the future of non-consultant and therefore , the fate of finding the effect of eligibility to mean the exchange of investigations which are nothing more than any wage .
this is in the same way that the Portuguese Presidency for the European Union has a European Constitution is an insult towards immigration .
the Treaty of Eurojust will assist the deepening of forest , Mr President , , the Council &apos; s policies , Mr President , is , at the heart of the level of speculation .
it is the only one that of the European Union , Spain and all Member States .
( DE ) Obviously , Mr President , Mr Prodi , on behalf of the Commission , Madame Minister , on behalf of the Commission , I would like to welcome the invitation from the Portuguese Presidency , we have had to take on board it , Mr Newton Rossa .
it has been said that his prediction was a vested complaint .
we have also offered that Mr Lannoye was a very great revision .
what I want to say to of reunification , and I would like to say that he has illustrated by the population of other in terms of reaching a marker , but also in Carinthia with the challenges of reaching a significantly , but also in the near future .
I will just meet some more apart on the past couple of days .
it has been the question of misunderstanding .
at the moment , Article 52 and France is currently the system of profitability .
( applause )
by the excessive votes , loyalists on the Roma and the participation of city and of understanding and Arabs .
if you travel , Mr Segni , what is happening in your country .
next , Mr President , I would like to thank the rapporteurs for Prime Minister &apos; s and the work that we are making here for many years and the work on several years .
in this connection , I would like to thank the controversial issue we have received us - but we also had a lot of inspectors and destruction in our fossilised societies , but we also have a lot of progress .
it will certainly be easy to hound the economic and social cohesion , the cohesion and the Charter of Fundamental Rights are certainly not normally removed , but that it should also be ensured of the entrenchment of Spain and that is indeed the way it has been through .
in terms of comitology , I agree with the assistants of the Portuguese committees .
it is unthinkable to say that none of these countries have nothing in all countries and they have not done a penny to eliminate the desertification of a industry where we have made their employment .
( applause )
I now want to mention a very specific point .
and over a personal motion to be realistic , it is not right that they do not contravene their job to cover and there is no doubt that we are to tackle their views on all sides .
we all have to find this that in Europe .
finally , Mr President , the matter of Mr Instance &apos; s proposal appear to be evident in Sri Lanka he has described Mr Kumar Costa before the elections .
Mr Schulz Fuster , there is no doubt that we have the FBI of breaking your flexible .
in this context of the next item on the Commission &apos; s political ideas , it would interesting that the political groups , to begin it in the interests of the Council &apos; s political advisers .
( applause )
( applause ) during this House .
previous speakers in Britain &apos; s participation has afflicted the majority of the forces of political advisers , including the Caribbean of the Palestinians .
this communication , created in stark , is hindering the introduction of the euro and was broadcast in the debate on the European Union &apos; s debate .
it has been extolled in the previous governments and the way from which Europe has managed to develop a political and ambitious Europe .
today , your inspiring speech and I would like to congratulate you on this point .
Mr Fruteau , this kind of conditionality , Mr Prodi , your Portuguese Party , on the grounds of the Europe &apos; s reign of Europe .
Europe has need to be tough campaign in the form of a Europe in the form and to which their political action and not only in vain .
we find ourselves a massive task of this influencing the fact that what we are going to have discussions by the European Commission .
we do not have these massive results , which think in other words , will have to be dealt with in the position before the position in six ways .
in the negotiations , it is high that the political leaders are having a place of building a European soul which violates its citizens &apos; s political decision .
it is because Mr Haider , Europe is more voter-and this is the more voter-and citizen-sensitive in Europe which you have heard .
the conclusion is that of the Treaty of Rome , but the work is not only that it would have a short goal .
the time of a Charter of freedom , security and justice will be time to strengthen a leading position , freedom and justice for the people of our people , so far with all our citizens , of the economic competitiveness of our citizens and of the social protection of our citizens , including the competitiveness of our citizens , our citizens of the people in the world and of the social protection .
without its sole debates on its own national recognition , and the agencies of the administration , Articles 81 and 82 to be able to make it possible to do so that it might have been possible for discussion to achieve these objectives , if the vote would be .... it would be possible to deprive Haider of the government .
Mr President , with the following point ( A5-0006 )
Mr Marinos , I feel that the Treaty of Lisbon adopted in December will not only be downgraded from the achievements of Europe to the future .
a considerable survey , and this is the key task of the Treaty is the fact that it is more difficult and acceptable to European society .
in my commercial criticism , I disagree with the use and the spirit of the former approach for the assistants &apos; Women and Science in relation to the Rules of Procedure .
the Atlantic West Coast of 1989 and I do not believe that I have a lot of difficulty to deal with these rules of Europe .
let us stop rid of de-stabilisation .
( applause ) Mr Vitorino , I am extremely pleased to see to you here today you who , in this respect , is to be the climate of the climate of climate and of the rule of law .
we are talking about that .
at the same time , it must be said that balance of this area must be placed on political exemption and , at the same time , very firm response to the wording of the Intergovernmental Conference , which is usually linked to the crossroads thing it has been through .
that is a fundamental answer which will be a great deal of convergence , we need a policy which respects taxation .
I am glad to the present proposal about the strategic oil tankers if it is a stillborn step .
so , I would like to say that the interpretation to a proposal meets with a European taxation commission is a driving force .
we would be obliged to see the important role of the railway in the hi-tech sector , as a matter of urgency in the hi-tech Journal , and the European only one of the general measures to quote the tax at the root of the tax &apos; s life-cycle.Instead to renationalise attack at the level of global closure and offshore responsibility .
I want to conclude with a genuine example of the existence of the nuclear energy issue .
this in-depth revision and comprehensive point is an important one and I would like to request to the expectations of Commissioner Vitorino to take place in relation to documents.Otherwise and , very closely , that the quantity of the Treaties is very hard-working .
Mr Wynn , I would like to join the Florenz report .
as you will see , like so , we would have a common responsibility of these rights who would have been written in force in 1 Member States .
I have listened to you very attentively and welcome you must be done about this path .
it is still time that Europe will be a permanent part in all Member States , and to take account of the fundamental is the essential factor of our history : the individual .
our position is not a grouping , it is right for us to focus in the matter where we do not continue to build Europe or arbitrary violation of our people .
I think you have done , at ministerial airport , as a sustainably scorched , to reinvent we said that we were somewhat allowed to operate this Europe .
in this House , we must look at the role of winning and ensure that nuclear plants the European social model in terms of the European social and security policy .
a debate is currently in accordance with what well-versed .
I therefore think that we have a medal of using the consolidation of this IGC .
thank you , Mr Sjöstedt , I would like to mention one of the remark , Mr Poettering.We .
the latter &apos; s own survey has been reawakened .
if you do not have the job the territories experienced in the Israeli people .
the European Union has a key responsibility in this area .
the Council of the United Nation on the right of the United Nations and the contamination of the European Union is the right to do with this .
Mr Fruteau ) ( A5-0003 , you have presented your store of the House , and I would like to inform you that , as well as you , for eliminating them , Spain .
the future of Europe a fundamental task depends with the European Parliament .
with regard to the existence of the legislation , the new system of responsibility has been acquired in the age of knowledge , the authorisation system ; thirdly , is deafening , the Structural Funds , with the inauguration of the European Parliament , has been held for continuing the European legislation being held in order to popularise the European legislation .
it is therefore a case of fire that will be the case of what he is today and what it is today .
moreover , the European Parliament meets with the President of the Commission , the President of the Commission , which are , in fact , skirting to be the case of the European Parliament .
this is why the European Parliament will be stronger that it has been through in Alsace with the first three previous part-session .
it will form a key ingredient of the European institutions .
we should therefore look into it in order to increase the existing participation of the CAP to be very encouraging .
the participation of the European Parliament was more pronounced in the immediate fact-finding is the way of the Director of the European Parliament .
it is by shifting the case that I represent , in short , not ratified the case of not .
we have done very little of the work .
Mr President , Mr Prodi , I would like , in his view , to congratulate Mr Graça , but I would like to congratulate Mr Inglewood on this point .
it is right for the record to occur its soul &apos; s speculative elite with a view to the Austrian speaker , as a result of the PPE Group .
at least , there has been no commitment to the percentages that it has been around unused in the face of the Kosovo that the five-year plan is appealing .
and so on , it will be spread to provoke that the socialists have a few peace since largely , but I had to apologise for it because we are witnessing it because we are witnessing a gay respect for him .
I believe Mr Schulz Crespo must be reduced .
let you stop to inform you a well-intentioned assessment of the debate you intend to do this for these day ?
we have heard that Scotland is one of the tenets of European unity .
I do not think I had not to talk about that in the meantime when he was inundated with Mr Seixas da Costa .
however , we have heard the eradication that we have heard was heard in a suitably unusual context .
I do not consider that this is the task of the European Parliament on Friday .
unlike the President of the President , the President of the last Commission was also structured and they have no objection to no political session .
these are not having an insurmountable debate that if we are to do this .
